Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to talk about compound query.
Now, what this basically means is in the future, we are going to have a lot of products from various
categories.
Now what we want to do is we want to be able to filter just for the main category and just for the women
categories and just for the shoes categories.
Right.
Okay.
So this is known as compound query.
To do this, we have to head back to our verse code and use control and B to make this wide.
We are in the main gallery screen and we have to screw up and over.
Yet you can see we have this firebase for Aster Dot instance, dot collection and products.
That is the name of our collection.
And you can see we have that over a year.
Okay.
So what we could also do, we can use compound query for this over here, we can say dots.
Thought Where?
Okay.
That way.
You can see he's asking for the field.
We can then see where this main category.
You can see we have this main category.
We have this main category.
Do newcomer is is equal to the men value.
Okay.
And this is basically it.
What this will do.
It will go into the product collection.
So fetch all products where the main category is equal to this main value.
So it's really going to fetch the products relating to men and to do for the women.
All you just have to do is to copy this code and this is going to be women category is equal to women
and that's how you are going to do for all the categories.
Okay.
You can see how is this is okay.
And now just men are going to be displayed here and I think we have just one products for now and that
product is basically for men.
Okay.
What about.
Instead of men, we could say.
Maybe women to see what is going to happen in this country and save.
And you're not going to see this product anymore because this is a for the women category.
And you won't see and the product over again.
Okay.
We just have to how to start this, right?
Because we made changes over here.
And it's going to take some time to poetry starts and you just have to log in again to see it.
Okay.
Back to.
The seller, and I'm just going to log into my store.
Seamless store gmail dot com.
And the password is this.
And log in.
Okay.
And you can see it's currently trying to fetch the products and nothing shows up because we do not have
any products yet for that category.
And even if we have the products for women category, we do not really need to display that women category
or category product over year, but over year.
Right.
You can just create that screen and upload women products.
And now you can say we have no products.
Right.
So what we could also do, we can check if there is no data for that category, we then want to maybe
return the test over year, which is going to say this category is this category is empty.
Okay.
To do that.
Over here.
We can have another if statement.
We can then say Snapshot.
Snapshot.
DOT data.
Dot.
Doc Doc's dot is empty.
Right.
Okay.
If it is empty, we then want to return.
Basically, we're just going to return a test we get.
Or maybe we can just return the center to take the test to the center and chart.
There's going to be a test which at.
And.
It's going to say your maybe.
Maybe this.
This.
Category.
We can just use this backslash and backslash and to take the next test to the bottom, we can just say
this category has.
No, no.
Item.
Yes.
Okay.
This and we can just go ahead and start this.
This STI.
Okay.
We can then say caller and this is going to be callers that maybe callers that maybe blue gray.
Blue gray.
Okay.
And we can just increase the font size.
Sorry.
Font size, maybe 30.
And for tweets.
May be phones with.
The boat.
Okay.
And over here, we also don't need a newcomer.
So if there is no product for that category, we want to display this test, and I think we need an
additional parenthesis.
Okay.
And go check it out.
You can see this category has no item yet.
And this is for the men, right?
So we have to change this back to man and just control is to save.
Okay.
For some reasons.
Can just to go back to this.
Okay.
You can see now since.
Good.
Sims.
Good waiting for the image.
I think I have a poor network connection is there.
So what you could just do is to upload a lot of products for the main category in order to spice this
main screen.
And also what you can just do is to create a new screen over the gallery.
You can just call this new screen women.
Let's go.
Gallery.
Screen door, dots.
And what you simply have to do is to copy this gold and paste it over here.
Right, and change the name of the class.
And you have to head back to the home screen and.
Get rid of what?
Of this and use that.
Sorry.
Not there.
Get rid of this.
And is that right?
And remember, you also have to change.
The main category is going to be equal to women.
And you just have to do that for all the categories you have.
You can see we have for the women and kids shoes and you can have a lots.
You can just have a lots.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.